Disallow btf_type_tag in C++ mode (#107238)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  more cases where the returned reference outlives the object.
  (#GH100567)

> - Now correctly diagnosing use of ``btf_type_tag`` in C++ and ignoring it; this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now correctly diagnoses the use of ``btf_type_tag`` in C++ and ignores it; this
```

>   attribute is a C-only attribute, and was causing crashes with template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  attribute is a C-only attribute, and caused crashes with template
```
